[5.1]docs(menu): documentation for menu item render event (#1776)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/menu/events.md

> This article explains the events available in the Telerik Menu for Blazor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article describes the events available in the Telerik Menu for Blazor:
```

* [`OnClick`](#onclick)
* [`OnItemRender`](#onitemrender)

## OnItemRender

> The `OnItemRender` event fires when Menu items or Menu popup items render. It allows you to customize the appearance of an item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OnItemRender` event fires when each Menu item renders. It allows you to customize the appearance of an item.
```

> As an argument, the event handler receives an object of type `MenuItemRenderEventArgs` that contains the following properties: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event handler receives an argument object of type `MenuItemRenderEventArgs` that contains the following properties: 
```

| Property | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `Item` | `object` | The current item that renders in the Menu. |
| `Class` | `string` | The custom CSS class that will be added to the item. |

>caption Customizing the appearance of the Menu items.

````CSHTML
<TelerikMenu Data="@MenuItems"
             ParentIdField="@nameof(MenuItem.SectionId)"
             IdField="@nameof(MenuItem.Id)"
             TextField="@nameof(MenuItem.Section)"
             OnItemRender="@OnMenuItemRender">
</TelerikMenu>

<style>
    .custom-item {

>         background-color: #bbbbbb;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        background-color: #bbb;
```
